---
episodeKey: "01"
seasonKey: "01"
key: "0101"
title: "The Origin, and What Came Before It"
subtitle: "A discovery is made during a remote expedition to Antarctica that begins to unravel the fabric of the human storyline."
img: "https://media.hswstatic.com/eyJidWNrZXQiOiJjb250ZW50Lmhzd3N0YXRpYy5jb20iLCJrZXkiOiJnaWZcL3NpbXBzb25zLW9yaWcuanBnIiwiZWRpdHMiOnsicmVzaXplIjp7IndpZHRoIjoiMTIwMCJ9fX0="
genres: 
    - genesis
    - loathing
    - beauty
---

#### Casting Calls

> A brief 15 min exploration of each character preparing for the voyage/expedition. Characters are humans. Humans are beautiful pieces of shit. They have ulterior motives. They think theyre smarter than one another, smart people think that especially. Characters that are real receive love because people have an easier time loving in others what they can't necessarily learn as easily to love about themselves. Psychology is a witchy woman in the night. 6 characters. 6 different motives. 6 people that go poof into the anonymity of anthology in the end of it. Make them enjoyable while they last.
>
> What kind of person do you want to tell a story about?
>
> What makes a scumbag lovable? We see ourselves being able to make the choices they make. Maybe we don't but we could.  

###### Arya  

Arya's apartment was a shithole. Severe shithole. And in that apartment, a brilliant shithead, cast upon a disgusting and worn beige couch, just waking up to her life. The carpet had patches that had mildewed from moisture, and had begun to wick white towards the wisps at the tops, and had become crunchy to step on. The living room table had so much shit strewn about. There was incense holders, acting as an overflowing cemetary for 3 inch incense stubs and joints. There were glasses and red cups of quasi-liquid lain about like a minefield. There were so many dog-eared books cast about haphazardly stacked, falling over one another and into odd angles with the table. Catch-22, Bagombo Snuff Box, A Clockwork Orange, and Rust for Rustaceans. Those were viisble from a birds-eye view, while underneath disappeared into an anonymity of notebook pages and open books where the cover wasn't visible. There was a copy of the Diagnostics Statistical Manual - V5 lain  flat, dead flat, on a subledge on the table. On top of the DSM-5, there was a little pile of coke.  

Arya's life was a mess. She'd describe it that way too, so don't think I'm being particularly hard on her. She wanted a clean apartment. She wanted to scrub the ever-loving shit out of every inch of this table. She wanted to stack books in a neat pile on the bookshelf. She wanted candles. She wanted to borrow the wet-vac from the janitorial supply closet and restore her carpet into something she didn't feel the need to light on fire when encountering with a bare foot. But where was the time? Who in Christ's Green Unholy Kingdom had the time for things like that? She had class. She had self-study. She had to read, and get high, and get fucked, and work on PetNet (Oh don't you fucking worry, we'll get into PetNet later, when it's time.). She had to graduate and get a job. She had to find a partner and get married. She had to write her book, and unseat the global shadow banking syndicate that kept the world in suspended delibrium. She had a ton of shit to do.  

And before she could do all that, she had to pack. This unfortunate asshole had the stellarly m-aligned opportunity to go to Antarctica with the SocioAnthropic Professor, Dick, who was enamored with her. But before she could pack, she just needed a little bump of coke. So she lifted her head slightly from the couch cushion it rested on, took her mini spoon necklace off, and fished up a little bump off the pile.  

---  

#### Over The Hills And Further Away

> The descent into the forgotten city of Rheny'ah, absurd splendor, wonder, and disbelief at the nature of the decline. Go very hard with descriptive architecture language. Lean on tapestries for windows into older civilizations. This should lean as a fulfillment of the mysterious message that was receieved and trasnscribed in part 1.

#### The Moment Before The End Of The World And What Was On The Minds Of Our Prophets

> Go through the thoughts of our researchers before the cavern floor gives out and the sarcophigial chamber is revealed. In this chamber, is where we encounter the couch gag relic. 

#### Simpsons Did It, Simpsons Did It
